Come, Felix. You can do that. Remember your name. Felix.
All right, I remember ... I have a bigger mouse pad
My mouse pad is too big
He works at Nintendo. I had a bigger mouse pad ...
Just think about how powerful your mouse pad is, Felix.
Everyone is very impressed with your size ... [Pause] ... mouse pad
Look at this shit friend. You are a talent you monster! you are a lion
*roar*
* Roar *
Just think about how powerful your mouse pad is.
It's so big!
You have the largest mouse pad ...
Oh, oh, stop, stand up, hey ... great? Oh?
Oh, great ...
I'm from the mouse pad, so I'll just force myself that way.
Oh God my keyboard in the way ah so good ...
This is good, this is good ... uhh err redo it
* Bob *
Cartoon Cyborg